kic: update Custom Entities guide for GA in 3.4 (#8153)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/reference/feature-gates.md

* Until a feature becomes GA, there are no guarantees that will continue being available. For more information, see the [changelog](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

{:.important}

> >**Important:** To avoid disruption to your services consider not using features until they have reached GA status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Important:** To avoid disrupting your services, consider not using features until they have reached GA status.
```
wdyt?

[k8s]:https://kubernetes.io
[gates]:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/
[stages]:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/#feature-stages
[k8s-keps]:https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements
[kic-keps]:https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/tree/main/keps
[releases]:https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/releases

## Feature gate details

### SanitizeKonnectConfigDumps

The `SanitizeKonnectConfigDumps` feature enables the sanitization of configuration dumps that are sent to Konnect.
This means {{site.kic_product_name}} will obfuscate all sensitive information that your Kong config contains, such as
private keys in `Certificate` entities and `Consumer` entities' credentials.

{:.important}

> > **Warning:** `KongPlugin`'s and `KongClusterPlugin`'s `config` field is not sanitized. If you have sensitive information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** `KongPlugin`'s and `KongClusterPlugin`'s `config` fields are not sanitized. If you have sensitive information
```
